List 10 câu hỏi 
1.What is the weight of an object? (C)
A. The attractive forces between particles in the object
B. The gravitational potential energy of the object
C. The force of gravity on the object
D. The mass of the object 

2.A man pulls a sledge of mass 25kg across level ground with a horizontal force of 60 N
     A constant force of friction of 20N acts on the sledge.
What is the acceleration of the sledge?(B)
A.  0.63m/s^2 
B.  1.6m/s^2 
C.  2.4m/s^2
D. 3.2m/s^2

3.Which description of diffusion is correct?(D)
A. The random movement of particles due to bombardment by larger particles.
B. The random movement of particles due to bombardment by smaller particles.
C. The random movement of particles from a low concentration to a high concentration.
D. The random movement of particles from a high concentration to a low concentration.

4.Which statement about aluminium oxide is correct ?(C)
A. Aluminium atoms and oxygen atoms share electrons to form aluminium oxide molecules.
B. Aluminium oxide is a giant structure made up of aluminium and oxygen atoms bonded covalently.
C. Aluminium ions and oxide ions are attracted to each other in a giant lattice.
D. Aluminium oxide is an electrical conductor in solid state with mobile aluminium ions and oxide ions.

5.The assets that can be converted into cash within a short period(less than 1 year) are as known as.(A)
A. Current assets 
B. Fixed assets
C. Intangible assets 
D. Investments

6.The debts which are to be repaid within a short period( less than 1 year) are known as.(A)
A. Current liabilities
B. Fixed liabilities
C. Contingent liabilities
D. All of the above

7.Which molecule contains only three shared pairs of electrons?(A)
A. N2
B.CH3OH
C.CO2
D.H20 

8.which substance has a similar structure to diamond?(C)
A. Carbon dioxide
B. Graphite 
C. Silicon(IV) oxide 
D. Sodium chloride

9.What is the molecular formula of caffeine?(B)
A. C8H11N4O2
B. C8H10N4O2
C. C8H10N3O2
D. C7H10N4O2 

10.Any written evidence in support of a business transaction is called (D)
A. Journal
B. Ledger
C. Ledger posting 
D. Voucher
